Update resource policy page guide (#62)
lablup/backend.ai-docs-webui: docs/admin_menu/admin_menu.rst

   deletion may not be done. Before deleting a resource policy, please make sure that
   no users remain under the resource policy.

If you want to hide or show specific columns, click the gear icon at the bottom right of the
table. This will bring up a dialog where you can select the columns you want to display.

.. image:: keypair_resource_policy_table_setting.png
   :width: 350
   :align: center
   :alt: Keypair resource policy table settings

User Resource Policy
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Starting from version 24.03, Backend.AI supports user resource policy management. While each
user can have multiple keypairs, a user can only have one user resource policy. In the user

> resource policy page, you can set restrictions on various settings related to folders such as

Reviewer: ```suggestion
resource policy page, users can set restrictions on various settings related to folders such as
```

Max Folder Count and Max Folder Size, as well as individual resource limits like Max Session
Count Per Model Session and Max Customized Image Count.

.. image:: user_resource_policy_list.png
   :alt: User resource policy list

To create a new user resource policy, click the Create button.

.. image:: create_user_resource_policy.png
   :width: 350
   :align: center
   :alt: Create user resource policy dialog

- Name: The name of the user resource policy.
- Max Folder Count: The maximum number of folders that the user can create.

>   If the user's folder count exceeds this value, the user cannot create a new folder.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  If the user's folder count exceeds this value, user cannot create a new folder.
```

  If set to Unlimited, it is displayed as "∞".

> - Max Folder Size: The maximum size of the user's storage space. If the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Max Folder Size: The maximum size of the user's storage space. If 
```

>   user's storage space exceeds this value, the user cannot create a new data

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  user's storage space exceeds this value, user cannot create a new data
```

  folder. If set to Unlimited, it is displayed as "∞".
- Max Session Count Per Model Session: The maximum number of available sessions per model
  service created by a user. Increasing this value can put a heavy load on the session

>   scheduler and potentially lead to system downtime, so please exercise caution when

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  scheduler and potentially lead to system downtime, so please caution when
```

  adjusting this setting.

> - Max Customized Image Count: The maximum number of customized images that the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Max Customized Image Count: The maximum number of customized images that 
```

>   user can create. If the user's customized image count exceeds this value, the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  user can create. If user's customized image count exceeds this value, 
```

  user cannot create a new customized image. If you want to know more about customized 
  images, please refer to the :ref:`My Environments<my-environments>` section.
- ID: The ID of the user resource policy.
- Created At: The date and time when the user resource policy was created.

> To update, click the gear icon button in the control column. To delete, click the trash can

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To update, click the 'Setting (Gear)' button in the control column. To delete, click the trash can
```

> icon button.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
button.
```

.. note::

>    Changing a resource policy can affect all users that use that user resource policy, so use

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   Changing a resource policy may affect all users who use that policy, so use
```

>    it with care.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   it with caution.
```

> Similar to keypair resource policy, you can select and display only the columns you want by

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Similar to keypair resource policy, users can select and display only columns users want by
```

> clicking the gear icon button at the bottom right of the table.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
clicking the 'Setting (Gear)' button at the bottom right of the table.
```

Project Resource Policy
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Starting from version 24.03, Backend.AI supports project resource policy management. Project
resource policies manage storage space (quota) and folder-related limitations for projects.

When clicking the Project tab of the Resource Policy page, you can see the list of project
resource policy.

.. image:: project_resource_policy_list.png
   :alt: Project resource policy list

> To create a new project resource policy, click the Create button at the top right of the table.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To create a new project resource policy, click the 'Create' button at the top right of the table.
```

.. image:: create_project_resource_policy.png
   :width: 350
   :align: center
   :alt: Create project resource policy dialog

- Name: The name of the project resource policy.
- Max Folder Count: The maximum number of project folders that an administrator can create.
  If the project folder count exceeds this value, the administrator will not be able to create
  a new project folder. If set to Unlimited, it will be displayed as "∞".
- Max Folder Size: The maximum size of the project's storage space. If the project's storage
  space exceeds this value, the administrator cannot create a new project folder. If set to
  Unlimited, it is displayed as "∞".

The meaning of each field is similar to the user resource policy. The difference is that the
project resource policy is applied to the project folders, while the user resource policy is
applied to the user folders.

> If you want to make changes, click the gear icon button in the control column. Resource policy

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want to make changes, click the 'Setting (Gear)' button in the control column. Resource policy
```

names cannot be edited. Deletion can be done by clicking the trash can icon button.

.. note::

>    Changing a resource policy can affect all projects that use that project resource policy,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   Changing a resource policy may affect all users who use that policy,
```

>    so use it with care.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   so use it with caution.
```

> You can select and display only the columns you want by clicking the gear icon button at the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can select and display only the columns you want by clicking the 'Setting (Gear)' button at the
```
